Emergency maintenance to our network infrastructure
Service/s will be impacted

Attention Microsoft Corporation (USA)

This is a note to let you know that we'll soon be doing some network maintenance that will impact your service/s listed below.

We typically aim to give you 14 days' notice of planned maintenances, however this change has come with a little more urgency. We apologise for the shorter than usual notice.

 	
Maintenance details

Telstra Hardware Replacement - Line Module in USA @ WLT1 1-B-2 AOFX @ HIgh Risk Due to Hardware Temperature Related Issue

The DWDM Card has been identified as High Priority (RECALL Status reaching Temperature Threshold) in High IXD Temperature Proactive Replacement as of 10-Jul-2023 with active alarm now during latest network scan conducted by vendor and Infinera Vendor recommends to replace as soon as practical due to a potential High IXD temperature alarm that may potentially cause circuits/hardware/circuit an Unplanned event and longer outage.


Reference number
PN308682


Start time
Friday, 14 Jul 2023 01:00:00 (UTC)


End time
Friday, 14 Jul 2023 03:30:00 (UTC)


Service/s under maintenance
LAX SYD EPL 9696335


Expected impact
20-30 min outage within the change window


 
View details in Telstra Connect

Track the details of any planned or past maintenance events from the last six months in Telstra Connect.

Don't have access to Telstra Connect? Your organisation's Telstra representative can set you up. Otherwise, contact us using the details below.

View planned maintenance
We'll also email you:

A reminder 48 hours before the maintenance starts.
Notifcation of any changes to the above schedule.
Confrmation once the maintenance is complete.
Need help?

Our planned maintenance user guide might have the answers you're looking for.

You also can email us at gpen@team.telstra.com or call +852 3192 7420 for help with:

Any questions regarding this maintenance activity.
Notifcation management for future planned maintenance.
Access to Telstra Connect if you cannot contact your Telstra representative/s.